[Music]
my parents were from different worlds
and I was a product of the love that
never should have been could unite our
worlds one day
a son of the land and a son of the Seas
my mother always knew you were special
you are part of something deeper
you are the bridge between hand and sea
take your rightful place as king
[Music]
we're getting close now we're close to
what buying a thirst
there's no way Atlantis with this far in
there check this place out
[Music]
nothing of course it's not working it's
been sitting here collecting dust since
before the Sahara was a desert before
the Sahara was a desert let's see you do
your best thinking when you're not
thinking at all all right now hold still
hey what are you doing we need water
you're the closest source
[Music]
sure I could've just peed on it
in this Trident resides the power of
Atlantis
if you seek my power journey beyond the
edge of the world to the hidden sea
in the wrong hands
it would bring destruction
but in her hands literally
it would unite all our kingdoms above
and below
what we've written it down first I
memorized it didn't you oh yeah Oh what
are you just say something something
Trident the Beast has awakened the time
has come
for Atlantis to rise again
who the hell are you
[Music]
oh is awesome the war is coming to the
surface
you are not going to win this
millions will die unless you help us
I'm no leader
not King
[Music]
thanks I suppose always had a king now I
need something more
what could be greater than I can
[Music]
a hero
you